I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!	1
I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.	1
You get what you pay for I guess.	0
Not only did the software do a great job of this, I could also make my own ringtones form my existing CDs without an internet connection.	1
im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.	1
These are fabulous!	1
However, BT headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up.	0
I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.	1
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.	0
Performed awful -- muffled, tinny incoming sound and severe echo for those on the other end of the call.	0
Very wind-resistant.	1
Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.	0
They do not last forever, but is not overly expensive to replace.Easy to operate and the sound is much better than others I have tried.	1
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.	0
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!	0
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.	1
Great phone.	1
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.	0
I'm pleased.	1
Battery is terrible.	0
I found the product to be easy to set up and use.	1
The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear.	0
Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.	0
The charger arrived within the promised timeframe, but it did not work.	0
No ear loop needed, it's tiny and the sound is great.	1
Finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and I could not use it any longer on the visor.	0
The handsfree part works fine, but then the car tries to download the address book, and the Treo reboots.Overall, I still rate this device high.	1
Talk about USELESS customer service.	0
It felt too light and "tinny.".	0
This does not fit the Palm Tungsten E2 and it broke the first time I tried to plug it in.	0
I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price.	1
I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones.	1
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	1
Does everything it should and more.	1
I could not recommend these more.	0
Nice Sound.	1
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!	0
Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with.	1
Setup went very smoothly.	1
its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.	0
A must study for anyone interested in the "worst sins" of industrial design.	0
The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.	0
It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.	1
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	0
Can't upload ringtones from a third party.	0
Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.	0
Truly awful.	0
It works fine on my Motorola 325 cellphone, and a lot better than the worn-out battery did.	1
The volume for the ringer is REAL good (you have choices how loud).	1
And none of the tones is acceptable.	0
camera color balance is AWFUL.	0
This product is clearly not ready for prime time, I don't care how cool it looks, if you can't tell a call is coming in it's worthless.	0
I love the ringtones because they are so upbeat!	1
Chinese Forgeries Abound!.	0
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.	1
The instructions didn't explain that a microphone jack could be used.	0
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.	0
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	0
Works well.	1
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.	0
Clear crisp sound.	1
I have to use the smallest earpieces provided, but it stays on pretty well.	1
The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast.	0
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.	0
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.	0
The phone can also take great pictures and even video clips.	1
It doesn't make you look cool.	0
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day.	1
Also, the phone doesn't seem to accept anything except CBR mp3s, preferably ripped by Windows Media Player.	0
You can't beat the price on these.	1
* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (seriously!	1
lightweight and works well.	1
So just beware.	0
I love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-USB device to my PC.	1
So anyone near you will hear part of your conversation.	0
This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up.	1
I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since.	0
Appears to actually outperform the original battery from China that came with my V325i.	1
Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.	0
It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.	0
Poor quality.	0
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
Not worth it.	0
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.	0
It quit working after I'd used it for about 18 months, so I just purchased another one because this is the best headset I've ever owned.	1
Unfortunately it will not recharge my iPhone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (iMac, external battery, wall outlet, etc).	0
It was a great phone.	1
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	0
Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet.	1
My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.	1
This is simply the BEST bluetooth headset for sound quality!	1
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!	0
In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim "Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?	1
I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful.	1
This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.	1
Other than that, the leather is nice and soft; the fit is very tight; the cut out for the face is a good shape.	1
It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.	1